number of versions, unique
versions. There you go.
It started with three
and then I bumped
it up to number
of versions. You can
dynamically select how many
versions your agent responds
with, all right? Number
of versions, we pass
this into the system
prompt and lock it
into stone, right? We
turn it into the
law of the agent,
okay? Then we have
our instructions, respond JSON,
variations, blah, blah, blah.
The most important part
is down here, right?
Examples, here's what the
output structure looks like.
We have the primary
response and we have
our multi-version copy responses.
Okay. And so it
is important from a,
you know, prompt engineering